[horn blares]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
-I saw a m-m-monkey!
-[all] Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt!
[Rainbow]
"Chico Bon Bon and the Ice Cream Monster!"
[drum rolls]
I scream, you scream, we all scream for…
Ice cream?
Chico, I love that you've re-engineered
my Fridgey Boo Boo
to make ice cream,
but it keeps coming out melty.
Hmm…
Oh, I think I see the problem,
Mrs. Coleslaw.
There must be something wrong
with Fridgey's insulation.
Oh dear! His what, now?
Insulation.
Check it out. Fridgey Boo Boo's got
a freezing machine to make ice cream,
and this foam material is insulation.
It's what keeps the ice cream cold
once it's made.
The foam insulation makes it hard
for heat to get in.
That's why Fridgey can keep things cold.
Looks like Fridgey Boo Boo
doesn't have enough insulation.
That's why the ice cream comes out melty.
Oh no! What do we do, Chico?
Don't worry. I'll just add
some more foam for better insulation.
There. Now you've got the perfect
ice cream making machine.
Go on, give it a try.
Well, all right.
Mmm! [giggles]
Nice and cold, just the way I like it.
[all] Woo-hoo! Yay!
Insulation!
Thank you, Chico.
And thank you, Fridgey Boo Boo.
[phone chimes]
The banana phone!
Chico Bon Bon! You got a problem?
We can solve 'em!
[in Italian accent]
Freddy and Betty Lemuretti here.
Has this ever happened to you?
You're enjoying
a delicious ice cream treat
when a giant monster
grabs it right out of your hand?
No, that's never happened to us.
Actually, it has happened to us.
[both] Us too!
More ice cream!
That monster ate all of our ice cream!
And she's still hungry!
More ice cream!
Say no more. We're on our way!
Fix-It Force, we need to feed
that monster fast,
or she'll destroy Blunderburg
looking for more ice cream.
It's time to bring the ice cold awesome!
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
-[engine revving]
-[tires screeching]
I'm Neil Ostrich here on the scene.
Literally, on the scene.
There's a monster on the loose
in Blunderburg
and it's hungry for one thing:
ice cream!
I don't-- Whoa!
More ice cream!
Cones, sundaes, novelty treats…
No form of ice cream is safe!
Who can save the city
from that ice-cream-craving creature?
More ice cream!
[tires screech]
I'm Chico Bon Bon,
monkey with a tool belt!
And we're the Fix-It Force!
And that's one big monster!
Which means we need a monster-sized
serving of ice cream to fill her tummy,
so she'll never come
after our ice cream again.
But Betty and I will never
be able to make enough!
Then what we need is
all the ice cream left in Blunderburg.
Operation Ice Cream begins now!
Our tastiest mission yet!
[Neil] As the Ice Cream Monster
continues her rampage,
Mayor Murphy has declared
a level-five ice cream emergency!
Citizens of Blunderburg,
the Fix-It Force needs your ice cream!
[tires screech]
Thanks, Mayor!
-All right!
-So much ice cream!
[Clark] Our bowl is full!
Then it's time to feed the monster!
[tires screech]
More ice cream!
-[Chico] Quick! Release the ice cream!
-Uh, Chico, I think we're too late.
What do you mean?
The ice cream's all melted!
Blech!
No melty ice cream!
Okay, so she really doesn't like
melty ice cream.
We've gotta figure out a way to keep
the ice cream cold long enough
to feed that monster.
Yeah, like with a freezer!
But it would need to be
a monster-sized freezer.
A monster-sized freezer!
That's a great idea, Clark!
Rainbow, set a course
to Mrs. Coleslaw's house.
[tires screech]
Chico, are you sure you wanna do this?
Remember what happened
the last time Fridgey Boo Boo
transformed into Fridgebot?
Oh, I remember!
He went through town
shooting ice cubes at everything!
I know, but he's our only hope.
Now presenting…
[Chico] Fridgebot 2.0,
the perfect ice cream delivery machine.
Now with ice cream blasting power!
Too melty!
Oh! It just needs a little more insulation
to keep all that ice cream cold.
And… we're good to go!
[dings]
I even loaded up
some new ice cream jokes.
Why do ice cream cones carry umbrellas?
Why?
Because there's always
a chance of sprinkles!
[all laugh]
[monster chomping]
More ice cream!
The Ice Cream Monster,
she's coming this way!
We've gotta feed her, fast!
[grunts]
Let's go, Fridgebot!
Bye-bye, Fridgey! Have fun, now.
I'm reporting live
from downtown Blunderburg,
where the hungry Ice Cream Monster
is still searching for ice cr-- Whoa!
Nom? Ice cream?
Blech!
More ice cream!
[Chico] Hey, Ice Cream Monster!
Nom?
Okay, Fridgebot, do your thing!
Ice cream blasters, go!
[grunting]
Activate booster cannons!
How's about a little strawberry
and some chocolate chip!
Ooh! Don't forget peanut butter!
And rainbow sprinkles!
[gasps] I think it's working!
Yum! [whimpers]
More ice cream!
[Clark] What?
She still wants more?
I don't think she'll stop
until she's totally full,
and even Fridgebot
can't feed her fast enough!
You're right, Rainbow.
We need to make her a super-sized bowl
of ice cream so she can really chow down.
But where are we gonna find a bowl
big enough to serve a giant monster?
Hmm…
[Chico] Giant bowl… Giant bowl…
[gasps] The Blunderdome.
It's just the right size and shape
for the biggest, baddest bowl of ice cream
ever!
Fridgebot, fill it up!
Now, mint!
Now, vanilla!
Now, blunderberry!
And finally… the cherry on top.
[dings]
Whoa-ho-ho!
That ought to be enough for the monster!
Uh… guys!
The ice cream is already melting!
We gotta keep it cold!
We spent all this time collecting
the ice cream and now it's going to melt!
We have to figure out
how to keep the Blunderdome
cold enough to keep it from melting.
What if it doesn't work?
Chico? Maybe now's a good time
for a banana break.
[Chico] Okay, the monster wants ice cream,
-but we can't keep the ice cream cold.
-[buzzing]
Fridgey Boo Boo can only
keep it cold when it's inside him.
-Outside, it melts!
-[buzzing]
Because there's no insulation.
[gasps]
Insulation!
[bell dings]
Blazing bananas, that's it!
We need insulation.
Oh yeah!
If we insulate the entire Blunderdome,
we can keep the ice cream cold.
Great idea!
Rainbow, activate foam cannon
and prepare to insulate.
-Hang on to your whiskers!
-[engine revs]
Folks, I can't believe what I'm seeing.
The Fix-It Force are insulating
the Blunderdome with foam!
[all cheering]
-We did it!
-Yeah!
[Chico] The ice cream isn't melting!
Nom!
It's an insulation sensation!
-[Clark and Thunder] Whoa!
-She is hungry!
[burps]
[sighs]
All full!
-[all cheering]
-She's full!
Bye-bye!
We saved the city, Fridgebot.
Now there's only one thing left to do…
[Chico] Ice cream!
Come get your ice cream.
Mmm! Thanks for the ice cream, Chico.
The Ice Cream Monster's gone for good!
Thank you, Chico.
We couldn't have done it
without Fridgey Boo Boo here.
Oh! I love you, Fridgey Boo Boo!
What is ice cream's
favorite day of the week?
[all] What is it?
Sunday!
Oh, Fridgey Boo Boo!
[all laugh]
[instrumental theme music playing]